Version Notes:

How we are handling logins now:
Me and Stetson have been talking, and we were thinking. Realistically, if we were to implement our parking system:
 1. We would have access to the UIN/PIN database for Gulfline.
 2. We can assume that our system would be tightly integrated into Gulfline, in a way that you would likely log into gulfline to view our service OR the login page would use Gulfline's database but take you straight to the parking system
 
Therefore: 
We are going to allow students the ability to self register given this scenario:
Students are issued the sticker for the back of their car upon registration. Therefore, if they don't register, they can't park on campus. 
Then, students go to our page, and regiser using their UIN and PIN.
After registering, they are permitted to change their password to something besides their pin, within a set of predefined restritions (alphanumeric and between 6 and 25 characters).
They are also permitted to delete their account. If they delete thier account ,they can't use parking on campus anymore (its the way we will design the garage system).

At the end of each year, the admin can clear the entire user database with a single button click.


Okay, so we have two parts to our system: The Garage system and the login.
The login system is in /login/
The garage system is in /garage/
Please be aware, that at this time, the only working area is the login script, which is about 80% done give or take. 
It has a working install script, if you want to test it.
To test, create a database using PHPMyAdmin. 

Then with your database name, database username, and database password head to localhost/blackhawk/login/
(note the blackhawk part might be different...depends on what Github's download Zip feature calls it. If you download via Git, just dump it in a blackhawk folder in the www folder.
run through the install script (note the database host is localhost). I have tested using the bycrypt() and 12 passes. You will notice some completed additional features I've added.

Note: once I get further along, everything will be together instead of in seperate folders. Right now, as it stands, I have a lot of organizational things to do, so files will be renamed,
moved, added and deleted. At this point, unless you notice an issue with a login script, I would not commit any changes.

If you guys have any questions based on the above, please feel free to email me at chriscct7@gmail.com (odds are I'll respond within a few minutes).
We also have, what is now apparently a team meeting at 8:00 a.m. in 4th Floor, Holmes Engineering. 

Finally,
Be sure you are syncing often. We don't want people fixing issues that have already been fixed on the latest version of the code ;)